Accomplishments/Achievements
2016 Tech Star for Zillow Group
Named one of fifteen Tech Stars out of the 1200 Technological Positions for all of Zillow Group during the December 2016
“ZG Week”

Winner of 5 out of 6 Hack Weeks
Zillow has a semi-annual “Hack Week” where employees can work on any project that may benefit the company. A popular
vote and a panel of judges pick the two winning projects each Hack Week out of the roughly dozen projects at the Lincoln
office. Winning projects include:
Project ICE - An auditing tool that refactored a large volume of technical debt and created an audit report and paper
trail for billing and account management.
Positive Outlook - An automation tool used to read and process incoming investor emails containing rate data links and
attachments. UI for entering regex rules and a testing tool to check that the regex matches doesn’t overlap other rules.
Before this project, it took four people manually checking Outlook emails, following a spreadsheet of information on
where to download files with filename changes.
Node-ifications - A Node/Firebase push notification service to alert logged in clients of new leads, status changes,
rate update notifications, and caller ids for Instant/Group Dials
Object Archive - API with SDK which records only the differences of serializable java objects. The historical
differences can then be viewed by administrators through a side-by-side UI.


Notable Projects
Overhauled more than 300 jsp/html pages of early 2000’s Dreamweaver code to use a single included header file with
global stylesheet, common javascript, session management, and google analytics - 2010

Made preliminary Selenium test procedures for pre-release regression testing - 2011

Moved common css and js files to Google App Engine to use as a CDN to reduce web hosting costs from data center. - 2011

Created Google App Engine hosted widgets for clients to add to their own websites. Using a single javascript tag, the
clients could add customizable rate searches and contact forms. - 2011

Migration from hosted data center to Amazon Web Services - 2012/2013

Created in house Dialer product using Twilio. First to contact is very import for mortgage leads. Built
Client-Before-Lead Instant Dialer for individual loan officers. Built Group-Before-Lead Shotgun Dialer to call a group
of loan officers where the first to answer would be assigned the lead and then connected. Both dialers outperformed all
competitor first to contact solutions. - 2014

Created API for integrating Loan Origination system updates with Zillow via AWS SQS to allow for end-user loan status
updates. - 2015

Moved common javascript and styles to AWS CloudFront. A standalone project uses Grunt to combine and minify files which
are then uploaded to an S3 bucket via Jenkins. - 2016

Java6 to Java8 migration - 2017


Responsibilities

In charge of 2015 - 2017 Internship Program
Interviews / Mentorship / Program Management

Team Scrum Master
Coordinating Sprint Reviews with Stakeholders, Moderating Sprint Retrospectives, Scoping future Sprint work, Attending
Release Team meetings to discuss deployment of the Team’s work.

Culture Committee
Help to plan and coordinate Lincoln office team events, outings, and happy hours.